Hello and welcome back.
We have another challenge for you.
A challenge to test your understanding of the build or design pattern just as a refresher.
This is what you're going to try to create.
You're going to create multiple objects to build a complex object.
We're going to have a builder object builder interface concrete builders that ultimately you're going
to build the product and then you're going to have a director that has a construct method that takes
a concrete builder as a parameter and calls method on each concrete builder and the concrete BUILD A
will usually add things to a list to the ultimate goal of building this.
And product so the scenario that I want you to consider Suppose you're a manager of a fast food restaurant
Tinkerbell typical meals in this restaurant consist of a burger and a cold drink.
The burger can be either a veggie burger or a chicken burger.
And that will be packed by a wrapper the cold drink could be either Coke or Pepsi and that will be packed
in a bottle.
So as you are reading this you should kind of think of objects and how you create the different objects
you'll need to utilize the builder pattern to create objects that build different types of meals.
Typically a vegetarian Miro versus a non vegetarian meal so you first can they need to create a hierarchy
and after class set up are items the items represent the object to build.
You're going to take the different items to build the product.
The items are going to be everything listed here veggie burger chicken burger.
Coke or Pepsi and so forth.
So the first thing you need to do is you need to create an item interface methods in the item interface
or could be a name and a price for the item and a method that returns a packing object in the item interface.
The packaging would be different whether it's a burger or whether it's a drink you then can represent
food items such as burgers that would that would be implementing the item interface and cold drinks
as abstract class as implementing the item interface.
So burgers would implement item cold drinks would implement item D classes would be abstract all they
would do is implement the packing method will return a packing object and the other classes that are
subclasses of burger and cold drinks would implement the price in the name and those would include veggie
burger and chicken burger that implements the burger or is a concrete class to the abstract class Burger
extends it.
That would implement the price in the name methods.
Just returning hardcoded floats and strings whatever you want and then the Coke and Pepsi concrete classes
would extend the cold drink after ACT class.
Again this would implement the price in the name methods just hardcoded to whatever you want floats
and strings.
You then need to create a packing interface the packing interface is going to represent the packaging
of food items concrete classes for the packing interface would be wrapper or bottle a burger would be
packed in a wrapper and a cold drink would be packed in a bottle so you would include a single method
in these concrete classes wrapper and bottle such as pack and that would just be hardcoded to represent
a string representation of hey we packed the bottle or we packed a wrapper and this is all pre setup
you haven't implemented anything in the building yet you're just setting up your class hierarchy for
all the items that you're going to need to build.
Now we need to start implementing the builder pattern to implement the builder pattern you're going
to have to create the class that represents the product and the builder pattern.
This is the meal a vegetarian meal or a non vegetarian meal so this meal class has to have a list.
Remember because we add items to the list from the concrete builders the concrete builders are gonna
call the add method so this class can have an ad item a gate cost and show item methods add item will
add things to the list and get costs or retrieve the cost.
The total cost of the product itself you'll go through the linked list and for each item in the linked
list you'll retrieve the cost and then calculate the total cost.
So items will show you all the items that make up the meal and show items will just again go through
the list and display hardcoded statements.
So get cost control items iterate through the Israelis to determine the total cost in each item name
pack and type in total price.
You have to create a meal meal builder interface that acts as the abstract class builder.
They should include methods for building the burger building the drink and getting the meal methods
right.
Because remember there's only two real item or two steps.
Building a burger or drink either vegetarian or non vegetarian build a burger or for the drink we mentioned
either Coke or Pepsi or something and then they get meal will return the product which is the meal you
want to create a concrete build or objects that implement the meal builder interface veg meal build
or non veggie meal builder that contain a meal object right.
Because we need to.
The meal is going to be the product so you'll need to add to the meal object.
They're going to build different types of meal objects by adding items to the meals array list.
Lastly you got to create the doctor director.
You also have to create the client but you create the director class from the builder pattern.
This will contain an instance of the main builder interface because you'll have to call the three polymorphism
you call the builder concrete methods and this will include a construct method that takes them ie a
concrete meal builder object as a parameter and it will include the steps to create the object you create
your client that will use the director.
Create a new director the director will take the meal builder concrete types to build the meal and then
you'll call the get meal method basically to retrieve the product and then you can show it and calculate
the total cost.
So here is some example output of something that you can create after you build the meals you add all
the items you can call the show method which will tell you the type of meal or you actually know the
type of meal so you could display it.
The show method will go through the items display each item and maybe their prices and then you also
display the total cost at the end and so you can add a method to your meal to get the total cost and
so here's the examples for the veg vegetarian meal the non vegetarian meal and you'll see that for non
vegetarian meals you have a chicken burger you have a packing that's a wrapper in the price and for
the drinks you have Pepsi and the price thirty five and you have coke for vegetarian meal so this is
what I'm looking for in this assignment.
A lot of it is building up the hierarchy for all the different items and then you adding the builder
pattern to to add the correct items to the list with correct and then you get prices and so forth.
So in this case we're actually adding more than just strings.
We're gonna be adding items to the list thanks and good luck.